Based on the COVID-19 data that was provided, I wanted to first explore which country had the highest number of confirmed COVID-19 cases. Then I wanted to explore, based on the data, if there was a relationship between COVID-19 rates and population density. I chose these two research questions because I wanted to explore how population and societal factors can affect COVID-19 rates.  I started off with these two questions to gain more of an understanding of the data. Then I created a bar graph for the first question. I structured the code so that the top 10 countries from the total confirmed cases variables appear on the bar graph. From the graph, I could see that the United States of America seemed to have the total number of confirmed cases. By looking at this visualization, several questions come to mind, such as what is affecting this result? I would also like to compare this graph to the total deaths per country and see the top 10 results. Then I created a line graph and scatter plot to explore my second research question which is whether there was a relationship between COVID-19 rates and population density. I created both a line graph and a scatter plot to have two different visualizations to confirm the data. I included the top 10 countries with the highest populations in both graphs. I included the variables “population” and “total cases per 1m population” as my variables to see if there was a relationship between both. Based on the line graph and scatter plot there does not seem to be a relationship between these two variables. 
